##

Un mensonge peut faire le tour du monde le temps que la vérité mette ses chausures.
Marc Twain

##

Le mensonge vole, et la vérité ne le suit qu'en boitant
Jonathan Swift - L'Art du mensonge politique, 1710

The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw

Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up. 
James Belasco & Ralph Stayer

Companies that reward firefighters create a culture of arsonists.
Unknown

You can't improve what you don't measure.
Peter Drucker

Any tool can be used for good or bad. It's really the ethics of the artist using it.
John Knoll

One of the things that limits our learning is our belief that we already knosomething.
L. David Marquet 
Turn the Ship Around!

While they may solve the immediate need to "get stuff done," bureaucracies and micromanagement are a recipe for disaster.
"Finding innovative ways to identify and drive toward solutions?"
McKinsey report June 22

Review the dev team and the frontline worker as the expert.
The frontline people are the people who know.
Manager is the enabler. 
Toyata Culture (Conference Fortune Buchholtz, Hands On Agile Meetup #58)
Adopting Kata Coaching For Innovation, Problem Solving & Continuous improvement. 

Quote by William James: “Belief creates the actual fact.”

Going into the situtaion open to learn.
Agile is about optimizing for being wrong. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWF6kQBRdhg&list=PLGME-VQ8iegi_CWwPEhUKOcERfHjx5I90


“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero 

“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
― Oscar Wilde 

“So many books, so little time.”
― Frank Zappa 


Gaspard Koenig a probablement fait sienne la maxime de Churchill, à qui on prête la citation "Un pessimiste voit la difficulté dans chaque opportunité, un optimiste voit l’opportunité dans chaque difficulté".

“Every system is perfectly designed to get the result that it does.”
― W. Edwards Deming 


If you havn't thought of three possibilities, you havn't thought enough.
― Jerry Weinberg

Later is never.
― Anonymous


